[DOCS] Adds the 7.15.2 release notes (#117542)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

{kibana-ref-all}/7.14/release-notes-7.14.0.html#breaking-changes-7.14.0[7.14] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.13/release-notes-7.13.0.html#breaking-changes-7.13.0[7.13] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.12/release-notes-7.12.0.html#breaking-changes-7.12.0[7.12] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.11/breaking-changes-7.11.html[7.11] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.10/breaking-changes-7.10.html[7.10] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.9/breaking-changes-7.9.html[7.9] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.8/breaking-changes-7.8.html[7.8] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.7/breaking-changes-7.7.html[7.7] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.6/breaking-changes-7.6.html[7.6] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.5/breaking-changes-7.5.html[7.5] |
{kibana-ref-all}/7.4/breaking-changes-7.4.html[7.4] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.3/breaking-changes-7.3.html[7.3] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.2/breaking-changes-7.2.html[7.2] | 
{kibana-ref-all}/7.1/breaking-changes-7.1.html[7.1] | {kibana-ref-all}/7.0/breaking-changes-7.0.html[7.0]

[float]
[[enhancement-v7.15.2]]
=== Enhancements
Operations::
* Adds ability to create multiple processes on production by splitting no_transpilation when setting up node env {kibana-pull}114940[#114940]

[float]
[[fixes-v7.15.2]]
=== Bug Fixes
APM::

> * Filter on tx metrics for instance stats {kibana-pull}114758[#114758]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Only filter on transaction metrics for instance throughput stats {kibana-pull}114758[#114758]
```
